people who want to be victims done 28
the truth so this is a movement built by
a guy durianrider who's a diagnosed
anorexic I'll clinically been doggin of
anorexia and I'm clinically recovered
for months so I can speak with personal
experience who you know in his words
apparently he was you know receiving
both medical benefits and government
benefits because of a formally diagnosed
case of anorexia
he claimed during Ryder claims he's
healed he's recovered from this disorder
but on the other hand and I say this
with all due sympathy for durianrider
this is a guy we see sitting on the
floor of his kitchen incoherently
ranting that pharmacists and
psychiatrists and therapists these are
just people who are trying to give you
drugs that will make you fat it doesn't
sound credible so if you want to do
something you gotta [ __ ] do it okay
so it's not just that simple no no say
I'm a [ __ ] drain bow mother [ __ ]
victim can't and I don't want to take
any responsibility
rather pop pills from the mother [ __ ]
quack toxic liver toxic pills and make
me gain weight and hunger or a [ __ ]
mushroom head pumpkin face or I feel
like a [ __ ] psychotic I'd rather do
that then take control of my thoughts
take control of my diet a control I'm a
daily exercise activity who are [ __ ]
hang around with how I stand my posture
what time I go to bed I don't take
control that awesome of yourself in Todd
a little whining [ __ ] mother [ __ ]
[ __ ] it doesn't sound credible nobody
coming to this movie for you outside
somebody who hasn't been kind of
gradually brainwashed by the familiar
assumptions of veganism in 2016 would
just look at this guy and think 1 he's
not credible how can anyone take this
guy seriously as he's sitting and
ranting over here in clearly this way
but - I don't see somebody who's
recovered from his eating disorder I see
on the contrary someone who is
obsessively acting out a bunch of tropes
that really reflect an ongoing eating
disorder and a kind of ongoing identity
crisis why does durian
writer pretend that he's an expert about
b12 pretend that he's a medical doctor
when people talk to about hemoglobin
what he actually says I mean he reads a
book or at least reads pieces of a book
like the you know the Minnesota
starvation study from 1944 he reads this
book and totally misunderstands the
purpose of the experiment completely
misunderstands and misrepresents you
know the abstract of what the experiment
was trying to prove what the findings
were what the implications are fine he's
not a scientist he's a self-described
you know ex drug addict
jock who turned his life around to some
extent has become a diet guru okay fine
so you don't do science so why does he
obsessively you know try to get out the
the needle and inject people with b12
why does he want to pretend that he's a
medical doctor and pretend that he has
expertise he doesn't have why is he you
know obsessively ranting about you know
helping people psychologically also when
he himself has this profound distrust
even paranoia for psychiatrists and
therapists and no [ __ ] Sokka
Sokka Rochester whatever so I said pill
pusher drug pusher ever really ever ever
helped me ever because there's more
money in keeping people ill than helping
them help themselves cure themselves
naturally well during birth I don't
think you're in a position to help
people I see a guy who still needs a lot
of help himself and a guy who is acting
out in the strictest sense a serious
mental disorder you know we got this
[ __ ] crazy society where we're like
no you can't do that have a [ __ ] pill
don't medicate yourself you can't do a
course you can't control his condition
you're schizophrenic you bipolar you've
got [ __ ] anxiety disorder I got
nighttime anxiety with no that morning
anxieties on a know that generalizing
design isn't like a post you make
stresses so that I go Group anxiety is
when you go to [ __ ] gang bang eggs
Iser you know these [ __ ] desert
disorders do they [ __ ] to have
different [ __ ] pills for injections
and all this sort of crazy [ __ ]
institutions if you can't control
yourself some other [ __ ] will
make it living controlling you now in
terms of
writers rant sitting on the floor of his
kitchen it's also really sad to note
that he is seeing verbatim what a young
man called Paul Simeon used to say and
take control of my thoughts take control
of my diet taking trouble my daily
exercise actually who are [ __ ] hang
around with how I stand my posture pal
Simeon would repeat this same line like
a mantra or like a prayer about you know
like you don't need any psychiatric care
whatever mental disorder you're
diagnosed with you know the medication
and the therapy is just some kind of
conspiracy to keep you down this kind of
nonsense well you know what pal Simeon
was was the you know truest disciple of
durianrider he repeated this again and
again I could tell
back when I made a responsibility to him
I thought pal Simeon was
overcompensating for the fact that he
was diagnosed with a serious mental
disorder it was very sad when you know
my guests proved to be right you know
that story ends with pal Simeon actually
being committed to a mental institution
and being put on really heavy anti antes
really heavy medications which he named
at the time and durianrider is still
saying this same crap don't you have any
sympathy for the people who are your
followers followers in the truest sense
of the word people are following your
terrible advice and where it's having
horrible consequences for their lives
you gotta say look [ __ ] you gotta have
the [ __ ] out every single time I do that
it was just like whew see you later in
the English language in Western culture
we tend to think of sympathy as if it
were something like purity as if it were
a characteristic that people either have
or that they lack or like purity we tend
to think about you know sympathy and
compassion as something you can lose you
know oh after I came back from the war
I'd lost my my capacity to feel sympathy
I'd lost my compassion for the world
this is very misleading the real
importance of sympathy in my opinion and
I'm sorry to say this is there
opinion I think sympathy the real
significance of it in our lives is
actually as a mode of analysis it's a
way of understanding other people and
other things if you were gonna work as a
weight loss coach as a you know
nutritionist as a dietary coach I really
think one of the most important
characteristics for you to have is
sympathy is to be able to sit down and
sympathize the person you're talking to
about why they haven't lost weight why
they gained weight
their reasons for emotional eating or
compulsive eating or whatever it is even
if those people are gonna be dishonest
with you you know I mean this this may
sound like a strange comparison it's one
of them to think about lately if you're
gonna work as an ESL teacher you're
gonna teach English as a second language
you would actually need to have a
fundamental sympathy for your students
including the bad students you have to
be able to understand their excuses for
why they're not learning English
learning English how why they're not
doing their homework you have to
understand what motivates them and what
fails to motivate them and a lot of that
may not be expressed to you directly
they're not gonna sit down and they're
not going to do the analysis for you but
sympathy can be the start of a real
understanding and again even if someone
is overweight and 90% of their reasons
that they're stating to you are excuses
I think it's crucially important the
other sympathy not to have a hostile
attitude that works that not to discard
whether say oh this is just an excuse
therefore I'm not gonna listen to it no
no no to say okay these are your excuses
and I'm gonna listen sympathetically so
that I can understand what works for you
so I can figure out what works for you I
put on a lot of weight since I went
vegan and
and there was yeah I've been vegan for
about a year and a half now you gotta
say look hunt you gotta have the [ __ ] I
know reciprocal with this idea of
sympathy I'm presenting here is that a
lack of sympathy doesn't just mean you
being a jerk you can be a jerk for all
kinds of reasons like you happen to be
in a rush that day all kinds of reasons
people being a jerk but what I'm
pointing out here about sympathy is that
a lack of sympathy leads to a Lant lack
of understanding a lack of perceiving
what the problem or issue is even when
it's right in front of your face I have
two examples of this connected to
durianrider you know there is one young
woman and she used to be a professional
model and she was very slim you know
it's both slim of body and slim of face
because what they want for that
photogenic look and wants her cheekbones
to stand out and what-have-you
she came durianrider and she tells her
story to him and what she's actually
saying the content of what she has to
tell him is that his diet doesn't work
and he completely ignores the negative
feedback and of course he ignored the
negative feedback when it was really
stated very clearly to him by people
like unnatural vegan and others who said
no durianrider your diet does not work
it resulted in weight gain not weight
loss for me and here's why I put on a
lot of weight there been times where I
kind of questions straight-up questions
you know question Karen what does your
woman actually is saying them face to
face is I used to be thin I used to be a
professional model
but on your diet I gained weight I
couldn't lose it and I had really bad
acne but here's the silver lining in the
cloud I just gave up
and decided that what was important in
life was being happy and that I don't
care if I'm fat now anyone could preach
the message that what's important is
being happy and it doesn't matter if
you're fat
I could come on here and preach that
message but that is not what durian
writers diet is about durianrider is
selling diet books he is selling diet
and weight loss advice and if anyone on
earth should not be satisfied with this
girl's explanation that you know she was
trying to lose weight that she came on
to this you know specific diet hoping to
recapture and sustain the the figure she
had as a model and that it has failed
for her it should be durian writer he
should sympathize with that and
recognize something is wrong here
something naught is not working now that
young woman she's she's an effect
promoted by during writers Channel she's
being held up as a positive example
because he's ignoring all the negative
evidence so to him oh wow great here's
another person who's happy with my diet
she's not happy
she didn't okay even if she's happy for
philosophical reasons even if she's hit
a turning point in her life where she
doesn't care what she looks like anymore
the diet did not get the results she was
pursuing the diet did not get the
results it was promising scientifically
due to adaptive thermogenesis and
glycogen stores and the usual excuse
durianrider and freely supporters it
will oh well that's only short-term oh
it's only for a couple of years this
screwed up this young woman's life why I
mean there's no sympathy for that I mean
she's a young woman she didn't want to
gain weight she wanted to lose weight
she didn't want a her face covered with
acne she had real serious negative side
effects from this diet which is supposed
to vote B it's supposed to be about
being healthy and athletic and beautiful
if you're coming on my channel and I'm
gonna give you boring advice about how
to spend ten years of your life studying
obscure languages reading books and
getting university diploma that won't
lead to any employment that's different
advice if you want to come on and you
want to talk about being fat and happy
that's a different YouTube channel right
hey there's no excuse for this yeah I
think this really has had significant
negative effects in our life and it's
not short term
you can click from the link below their
video to get to her Instagram page and
see what she looks like now the diet
never worked out for her
I mean morally ethically I think it's
superior to be vegan than eat meat but
this is not a simple panacea for obesity
not at all at least of all is the high
carb low fat diet a panacea and this
woman held up as a positive example
really is a negative example can you can
click through to her her Instagram page
and see what she looks like today I'm
not here to tell you she's ugly my
opinion wouldn't matter anyway
I personally am not attracted to skinny
teenagers and I'm really thankful for
that fact there are guys in this world
who spend their whole lives being
attracted to skinny teenagers and I
think they're miserable I mean I think
if you're if you're a grown man and
that's the body type you're chasing
after or that's the the mental type the
psychological type where you're really
wants to be with people who are very
naive and Zhijun you want to be around
young women I think you're doomed I
think you're going to be miserable your
whole life but hey luck of the draw it's
not my problem I got other problems look
at these books back here I got other
problems but that ain't one of them the
point isn't whether or not I think she's
beautiful or whether I think she should
lose weight she thinks she should lose
weight she got on this diet to get the
results that durianrider and Frehley
promised and instead look what she gets
and look what durian writers attitude is
when he's confronted with a negative
example sad stuff cuz I had success and
I want that again I loved it I wouldn't
say I don't have success any more but
it's a different it's different
I've got happiness now I don't really
care the second example I wanted to
raise at the other end of the spectrum
there's a young man I'm not gonna put in
clips from his video I'm gonna provide
the link to his video so you can read
the description of this below there will
be a link to his video he's called plant
powered activists now he's a he's a
vegan here in Canada the same part of
Canada I live in I think he's within 500
kilometers of me or something I've never
met him face to face we've never really
talked he is open about the fact or at
least he's being open now
about the fact that he has a history of
being diagnosed with anorexia in
orthorexia he says that history goes
back to age 13 and he has been
struggling with chronic being
chronically underweight and I have seen
that in some of his past videos and and
photos he was advertising himself for
doing Skype coaching for giving like
health advice and weight loss coaching
to others and he would have photographs
himself where he looked gaunt and
unhealthy now this is me I'm giving
people the benefit out I didn't at that
time I didn't see those frozen think oh
gee this guy is a serious eating
disorder he had just gotten back from
Thailand and I thought boy maybe this
guy got a really serious tropical
illness in Thailand because it's funny
he really looks sick he looked unhealthy
and you know this is the stuff he's
preaching so I thought boy maybe he
picked up intestinal parasites or one of
the other serious illnesses that causes
you know catastrophic weight loss we got
plenty of them in Southeast Asia
Thailand Cambodia Laos you can get some
you can get some memorable diseases the
side effects of which include loss of
body fat uh but this guy you know met
freelee and durianrider gave talks
himself at the Thai fruit festival and
every day like a true disciple was going
up and down joys to tap on his bicycle
and he was horrendously underweight and
obviously having all the exhibiting all
the characteristics of somebody with
this obsessive disorder related to diet
exercise thinness etc if anyone on earth
should have been able to recognize that
and respond to that sympathetically it
should have been durianrider
and instead you can hear you know this
guy's own perspective it takes a few
minutes to get through it but what are
you saying is when he was at the Thai
fruit Festival all that he encountered
were to use during my term Anna enablers
anorexia nailers people are telling him
Wow you look so great you're so lean
this is so fabulous you're getting real
people who regarded his mental illness
and its symptoms as positive and
virtuous things so thank you God you
[ __ ] can
you just got to be a hard
[ __ ] you just gotta harden the [ __ ] up
stop blaming your parents stop blaming
anything else and just get it [ __ ]
done don't you have any sympathy for the
people who are your followers followers
in the truest sense of the word people
are following your terrible advice and
where it's having horrible consequences
for their lives not just gaining weight
or having acne yeah you know it's a
problem not just in the case of the
other guy sinking deeper and deeper into
a diagnosed eating disorder and becoming
chronically underweight and even more
obsessed with weight loss anorexic me
that guy it's sad but being involved the
typhoon vessel is he said himself it was
psychologically unhealthy for him it was
mentally and emotionally and it had
negative physical consequences for him
also these things are bad but also this
this you know hysterical persecution
complex about getting help from a
therapist or medical professor someone
who has real expertise in a real
education of any kind durianrider you've
been confronted with examples including
Palestinian very recently of this having
terrible negative consequences for the
people who worship you and the people
who respect you so you know where is the
sympathy in that there seems to be no
capacity to understand what's going
wrong for one's fellow man and I think
this kind of understanding starts with
sympathy